# Introductory Thoughts #

So I don't really know where to begin with this account, but here's how I initially attempted it:

>## Taking the first steps... ##
>
>And so here I am in an airport hotel on the eve of my trip, with mindful worry yet excitement in my heart.
>
>Already the start of the trip is changing course and best laid plans lightly drift...
>
>Until the next time, adieu.

This short, somewhat cliched post received the expected reply of the internet as it was published on April the 1st, 2012 at 8:14PM. Full of nerves and helplessly optimistic that I'd actually keep on posting, I lay back on the hotel bed with mild satisfaction and glassy-eyed tiredness.

Everything in this place costs so much money. The room service menu looks enticing but not at the proffered prices. There's a well stocked fridge in the room, but again, the cost of each miniature drink is disenchanting.

With nothing better to do, I take a shower and try to get some sleep before setting off on the first of 4 flights that take me to New Zealand.

This trip had been planned for a little over six months, but of course it was only in the hours before departure that the details of my stopover in Dubai were finalised.

Using the fractured notes I took during the trip in lieu of making 'proper' journal entries, I hope to recapture the experiences I had, people I met, and how I felt before it all fades away.

Already individual days are hard to separate during recollection. Events distort, moving irrationally through time, and the mannerisms of the people and places I encountered are undeniably suffering from bit rot.