# Arrival #

I arrive, and its been a tolerable ordeal to fly for 8 hours -- the longest I've flown before. Not terribly comfortable, but bearable.

Sunset over the clouds was immense. I was fortunate enough to have a window seat, and the views were spectacular at several points. I often wonder when looking out of aircraft if I'm sitting in a studio somewhere with ever changing film reels played back outside the windows. It seems so unreal.

As I nostalgically watch a Winnie the Pooh movie and ogle at the sunset, I think of my sister and wonder if she's enjoying one or other of my entertainment options back at home too. Time passes, and we land.

Dubai airport is incredible. It's a shining example of modernity and it defines architecturally expressed statements of wealth.

It's so large they have little cars to drive people to baggage claim or to other gates. Perhaps this isn't so uncommon in large airports. As the awe ebbed slightly I felt lost: the signs which had promised baggage claim split into baggage claim, passport control, and visa collection -- each in a different direction.

After seeking help from the Emirates desk, I queued my way through passport control to the freedom of the baggage hall, a structure whose scale would be at home as a set from the Lord of the Rings.

Hand luggage X-ray. I'm halted by a friendly yet concerned looking young man only a year older than me. He rakes around through my baggage and ruffles all the stuff up. After a while, he seems to lose interest and without explicitly saying as much, I'm free to go.

Toilet break. What is the soap for the toilet paper all about?

Ready to claim my baggage with a trolley, things are going well. Now on to the taxi rank to get a lift to the Dubai equivalent of the airport hotel I left in Glasgow. The signs at this stage all agree on the way out, but as I approach the final exit, I'm stopped by a woman who asks me to step to the side for a moment.

> "How old are you? What is your job?"

Her questions punctuate my polite yet confused responses as she too rummages in my bag. The alarm clock is of particular interest to her too. I knew I should have left it at home. Being tired providing answers to simple questions takes longer than I'd like.

I am all too eager to explain the oversized holdall with bedding in it and have to staunch my helpful ramblings as I notice her concern grow. It all makes sense after a moment to sink in, and I'm free to go again.

Finally, fresh air. It's a balmy 24 degrees at about 2AM. I'm approached by a man in a shirt who I assume wants to examine my possessions as well, but it turns out he wants to sell me a taxi ride.

Perfect. How much? 100AED!

At this point, despite fatigue induced tardiness, I reject the man's insistence that it's a good price immediately, having been told it should cost no more than 30AED. Feeling defeated without transport to my bed, I turn and see the official taxi rank with lines of beige cabs.

Relief. Where to? Premier Inn. OK. The meter looks like it'll be about right, but apparently there's a free bus service I could use instead.

Ah screw it, I'm tired.